Hello guys
I'll show you how you do it.
panasonic phone lock
here it is locked at the moment
You can not do any kind of
Link
however in this way here with this
little baby
Come on, okay.
headset program option
ok again
call blocking options ok
then you type the password enter the password
here in case he is connected that
Little baby, the show is on, I 'm not going.
change the option in off lock
off
Brazil has already assumed that I can enter
with the call he will make the call
usually show rock again
between options
call dial lock in the center
with the password again it is off
I'm going to call connected.
ready now it 's blocked appeared
Hubby here outside
beauty worth